# Notes

---

Demo:

Design Issues/Decisions:

- Need the reporting form to pull from both the DAO list and User list

### Last Actions for bot:

- [ ] Fix the create function
- [ ] Have reporting form pull from the guild activity types and user activity types

# Action Items

---

- [ ] Deploy last fix to self sufficient bot flow
- [ ] Keating and Scott to sync on spec-ing out the protocol
  - First draft by next Monday Sync
  - **Question to be answered: Whatâ€™s the first thing we should be deploying?**
